.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH ATZE_REMOTE_GEVP 1 "JUNE 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
atze_remote_gevp \- remote eigensolver client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B atze_remote_gevp
.I hostname port
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B atze_remote_gevp
is called internally by tdkp to solve in parallel the generalized
eigenvalue problem (gevp) resulting from the finite element
discretization of the k.p Schroedinger equation. The
eigenvalue problem is solved using ARPACK. As ARPACK uses static
variables, it can not be run in parallel. Therefore the solving is
outsourced to
.B atze_remote_gevp
and
which connects back to tdkp via sockets to receive the matrix
and return the corresponding eigenvalues. As the communication
is done using TCP sockets, it can also be executed on different
hosts at the same time. In essence, you won't need to call this
program by yourself, it's simply a part of the tdkp package.
.SH FILES
.I /usr/share/tdkp/conf/controls.cnf
.RS
The system wide control file. Sets numerical limits and affects
solving behaviour.
.RE
.I TDKP_CONF_PATH/controls.conf
.RS
User control file, located within the users local tdkp directory.
Sets numerical limits and affects solving behaviour.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP OMP_NUM_THREADS
Number of OpenMP threads used.
.IP TDKP_CONF_PATH
Path to the users local tdkp directory
.SH BUGS
The command name should have been chosen more carefully
to reflect its purpose.
.SH AUTHOR
Ratko G. Veprek <ratko.veprek@gmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tdkp (1)