.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH ATZE_REMOTE_GEVP 1 "JUNE 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
tdkp \- simulator for optoelectronic nanostructures
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tdkp
.I <tcl script>
.SH DESCRIPTION
The executable
.B tdkp
is the tcl interface to the simulation package tdkp.
tdkp is an optoelectronic nanostructure simulator, developed at
ETH Zurich, Switzlerland, which can be used to calculate intrinsic
strain, polarization effects, energies and wavefunctions, dipole matrix
elements, stimulated- and spontaneous emission, including many body
effects, in optoelectronic nanostructures such as bulk, quantum well,
quantum wire and quantum dot structures. Models for wurtzite III-nitrides
and zinc-blende crystal are available.

tdkp is based on continuum theory, solves resulting partial differential
equations using finite elements. The band structure is calculated using
the k.p multi-band envelope function theory. Due to the elliptic
formulation of the k.p enevelope equations (using Burt-Foreman operator
ordering and a careful parameter choice), the results obtained are
entirely spurious solution free.

This is scientific software, requiring usually a scientific background
for a proper simulation setup and usage.

The standard installation of tdkp comes with a collection of tcl
scripts for the easy setup and automation of standard simulations.
The tcl scripts are located in /usr/share/tdkp/input. All functionality
is provided by one script: /usr/share/tdkp/input/tow.tcl. All possible
command line options of that script can be accessed via

tdkp /usr/share/tdkp/input/tow.tcl -help.

The user is encourage to copy the entire /usr/share/tdkp directory to
his local home directory and let TDKP_CONF_PATH point to it. He may then
modify everything according to his needs.
.SH FILES
.I /usr/share/tdkp/
.RS
The system wide tdkp configuration and input directory
.RE
.I /usr/share/tdkp/doc
.RS
The documentation directory, containing the tdkp manual and
the doxygen documentation. The doxygen documentation (stored in directory
html) is very helpful for users writing tcl-scripts as it provides the
documentation of all possible objects and functions of the C++ classes
which can be called from the tcl interface. In principle, all relevant
internal C++ classes are exported to tcl.
.RE
.I /usr/share/tdkp/conf
.RS
The configuration directory, including files governing the internal
behaviour of the program.
.RE
.I /usr/share/tdkp/input
.RS
The directory containing the collection of tcl scripts.
.RE
.I /usr/share/tdkp/examples
.RS
Examples of tdkp calculations
.RE
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP OMP_NUM_THREADS
Number of OpenMP threads used.
.IP TDKP_CONF_PATH
Path to the users local tdkp directory
.SH AUTHOR
Ratko G. Veprek <ratko.veprek@gmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tdkp (1)